#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--find-links https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

app-store-reviews-reader==1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
atlassian-python-api==3.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
    #   gnews
    #   reddit-rss-reader
blis==0.7.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
bs4==0.0.1
    # via gnews
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   zenpy
catalogue==2.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
chardet==4.0.0
    # via readability-lxml
charset-normalizer==2.0.7
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
courlan==0.6.0
    # via trafilatura
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via readability-lxml
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
dataclasses-json==0.5.6
    # via python-facebook-api
dateparser==1.1.0
    # via htmldate
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via atlassian-python-api
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via gnews
elasticsearch==7.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.8
    # via
    #   app-store-reviews-reader
    #   gnews
    #   reddit-rss-reader
filelock==3.4.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
gnews==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.2.2
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.3.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-play-scraper==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
htmldate==1.0.0
    # via trafilatura
httplib2==0.20.2
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
huggingface-hub==0.1.2
    # via transformers
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via spacy
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
justext==3.0.0
    # via trafilatura
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via
    #   courlan
    #   spacy
lxml==4.6.4
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   justext
    #   readability-lxml
    #   trafilatura
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mmh3==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
murmurhash==1.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via typing-inspect
nltk==3.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   blis
    #   pandas
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
pandas==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pathy==0.6.1
    # via spacy
phonenumbers==8.12.37
    # via presidio-analyzer
praw==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prawcore==2.3.0
    # via praw
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
presidio-analyzer==2.2.23
    # via -r requirements.in
presidio-anonymizer==2.2.23
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.11.0
    # via presidio-anonymizer
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pymongo==3.12.1
    # via gnews
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   htmldate
    #   pandas
    #   searchtweets-v2
    #   zenpy
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via gnews
python-facebook-api==0.12.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dateparser
    #   pandas
    #   zenpy
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   searchtweets-v2
    #   transformers
readability-lxml==0.8.1
    # via trafilatura
reddit-rss-reader==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2021.11.10
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   app-store-reviews-reader
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   gnews
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   prawcore
    #   python-facebook-api
    #   reddit-rss-reader
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   searchtweets-v2
    #   spacy
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   update-checker
    #   vadersentiment
    #   zenpy
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   python-facebook-api
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.46
    # via transformers
searchtweets-v2==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.96
    # via -r requirements.in
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   sacremoses
    #   zenpy
slack-sdk==3.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.2.0
    # via presidio-analyzer
spacy-legacy==3.0.8
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.1
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==2.4.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
thinc==8.0.13
    # via spacy
tld==0.12.6
    # via courlan
tldextract==3.1.2
    # via presidio-analyzer
tokenizers==0.10.3
    # via transformers
torch==1.10.0 ; sys_platform != 'win32' and sys_platform != 'cygwin'
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
trafilatura==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
transformers==4.12.5
    # via -r requirements.in
tweet-preprocessor==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2021.5
    # via tzlocal
tzlocal==4.1
    # via dateparser
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via praw
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   courlan
    #   elasticsearch
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via praw
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via deprecated
zenpy==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
